# C-Preprocessor
C Preprocessor Application  Version 1.0.0 Author: Sabin Constantin Lungu Purpose of Application: The purpose of this application is to read in a .c file in the command line using the -i argument that will count the number of non-empty lines, number of comments, remove the comments from the file, remove "#include" and replace them with the methods in the header file and to also preprocess the #define at the start of the file.  A .o output file will be written to the disk automatically once the application is built and executed using "coursework1 -i filename.c" The -c command line argument is included in the makefile that will keep the comments instead of removing them in the file.  Toolchain Used: The application has been built using the Microsoft Visual Studio 2017 Build Tools  How do I build the application? (Windows). > Start up the Microsoft Visual Studio 2017 Command Prompt. > Type in the current directory that you are working in (cd "Folder name"). > Type in the MS-DOS Shell "nmake build" to build the application with regards to the makefile. > After the application has been built, the chosen file can be read in by typing in "coursework1 -i filename.c" to read in the file. This will automatically create the .o output file associated with the file name entered. > Finally don't forget to type in "nmake clean" to clean any junk files necessary, ie any junk .exe/.obj files.  Command Line Arguments Functions -i filename: The name of the input file to read from. -o filename: The name of the output file that is AUTOMATICALLY produced when the file is read in and preprocessed. -c: Command line argument that is used to keep the comments instead of removing them. 
